Oct 19 Finally i pushed myself to express the feeling on Miss Fay, my good friend last night, when we were jogging alongside the bund.
It was a real sudden to her, as i could tell on her eyes, obviously, she has totally no idea what i was talking about.. I mean she really never treated me as a lover before which made a little bit hard for her to accept at the moment. She sad it was so so so suddenly 'cause she has never thought about 'us' before last night. And then she asked me when, when i felt the crush on her. Itold her that actually i always had a special feeling about her, ever since we were young, and i directly told her that i feel how comfortable when i'm with her.But about the 'loving since young' stuff seemed not believable for her and she said she felt so flattered when i said all of her good things,even some of which she had never thought about by herself...
At some extent she did not refused or declined, while she did not accepted me either. As a respectful way, i think ,she said i'm a good guy, a nice guy, and she had been single for crappy long time. She just kept a little silence and change to another topics then, and one of the biggest concern she argued with me, is my loving expressing is too rational to make her felt the passion igot! My god, i was trying to be gentle man, only god knows how big the crush i've got on her, the emotional feels had been driving me sleepless for 2 weeks! And i'm so regret that i did not hugor kiss her at that point to show my crush, that was really awful, poor me...
At last I sent her home, and gave her a pink artifical flower,she kept it, but still, declined to my dinner invitation next day. Then she left away and no more messages or calls ever happened later. Of course, i stayed awake feeling harsh mentally and physically whole night until three thirty A.M.
Now the situation surrounds me again, why every time when i fall in love, i just feel like i am always be waiting,waiting,waiting,waiting for the response,waiting for a simple message......... And obviously, there isn't any response from the girl i loved, so i have to say something, i have to invoke some new topic,and then wait till the reponse back again, in many times, there is no turning back at all. Pathetic eh huh...
I don't know what's wrong with me,why i'm goona be like this,i just wanna love the person i feel special by my heart, why it always be so painful, and makes me sriggling like a nut.
She said, 'you are a nice guy,too nice to protect us', but i want to say, i love her, so i have the confidence and the brave heart to protect the person i care mosts on the world! I'm a gentle man, but not a weak coward! I'm mature now, i know who deserves my heart's waiting and who deserve not. So i have the patience to win her love, i want her more than any other guys! 
Again, love is love,althogh sucks , but i have to be true to myself. Althoug i don't know the result at all, what i can do is to be a best me. TO be countinued...
